Hey this is Andre from the future.
Exactly.
Right after I recorded by videos Raphael decided to upgrade their Python interpreter to version three
point seven point four.
Finally.
So if you're watching the videos don't worry.
This is good.
You want to use the latest version of Python.
All the code is still going to work.
But keep in mind what I said before which is that these versions are constantly going to be upgraded
this time around.
We're using the latest which is great because when we go to Python talk and we go to downloads we see
that three point seven point four is the latest awesome.
All right let's get back to learning.